Dream Job | Work With Us | Dubai Islamic Bank
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of
website accessibility
Search DIB
العربية
Personal
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Investment Products
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Transfer Funds
Other Services
Emirati Banking
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
Tools
Go Back
Offers
Product Finder
IBAN Validator
Product Comparator
IBAN Generator
Finance Calculator
Exchange rates
Profit Rates
Business
Corporate Banking
Treasury
Business Banking
Investment Banking
Business Finance
Real-Estate
Foreign Exchange
Money Markets
About Us
About Islamic Banking
Our History
Vision, Purpose & Values
Awards
Leadership Team
Subsidiaries and Associates
Media Center
Investor Relations
Customer Charter
Contact Us
Work With Us
Career Fairs
UAE Nationals
Job Search
alt
Sustainability
Branches & ATMs
Contact Us
Fatima from DIB
Just now
Looks like you may be taking time to decide. May I help you with something?
Reply
> No Thanks
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Personal
Business
alt
العربية
About Us
Sustainability
Work With Us
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Career Fairs
Emiratisation
Join Us
More
Join Our Team
Working with Dubai Islamic Bank
Our core objective is to support staff to grow within the company.
Are you interested in working
                        with Dubai Islamic Bank?
Apply Now
Our aim is to enable staff to achieve their full potential in terms of performance and career growth.
OUR REPUTATION
Established in 1975 with the vision of providing banking and financial services as per Islamic Sharia principles, Dubai Islamic Bank has earned the reputation of being an Employer of choice, fostering a diverse and inclusive work environment that offers outstanding prospects for all employees.
Our range of programs provide employees with opportunities for continual career development & professional advancement.
TALENT SEARCH
Our progressive talent management approach continuously creates exciting career growth plans for existing employees, along with the promise of fresh opportunities for new candidates. If you are looking to make your mark in the Islamic Banking sector with a pioneer in industry, visit our careers portal at jobs.dib.ae and follow us on LinkedIn for the latest vacanices.
'Interest Free' banking made possible
Treasury
With an eye on the ever-changing financial landscape, our Treasury team combines its strengths and expertise to provide clients with a variety of risk advisory products and services, designed to meet customer requirements, whether for public, corporate or high net-worth individuals.
Investment Banking
Driven by the dynamic global finance market changes and steered by a strong foundation in Sharia principles, our Investment Banking team is responsible for providing a host of innovative solutions to meet customer needs of a personal or corporate nature.
Credit Approval
The approval process for banking products requires experience, an in-depth understanding of risk frameworks and constant attention to detail. As a member of our Credit division, you stand to learn about every banking product from our in-house experts.
Consumer Banking
Our wide range of consumer banking products focus on identifying and addressing the real-time banking needs of our customers - efficiently and effectively. We’re always on the lookout for talent that is adept at problem-solving and keen to play a role in the bigger picture.
Corporate Banking
The integral role of a corporate banker involves maintaining a balance between effectively managing client relationships whilst simultaneously assisting in the effort to develop superior customer solutions in the domestic and international markets.
Central Operations
Often called the backbone of everyday banking, our Central Operations team works like a well-oiled machine, constantly delivering consumer solutions at high performance levels and ensuring customers have access to the latest and most rewarding banking facilities.
Human Resources
With a workforce as diverse and talented as ours, it is essential that our HR and administration policies and teams are of the highest caliber aware of the latest HR initiatives, well-versed in the different training programs available domestically and internationally and focused on creating employee opportunities at ever level of the organization.
Digital & Information Technology
The digital transformation of financial services has taken the banking industry by storm, allowing customers to access their financial relationships all day long, no matter where they are. Our team at Dubai Islamic Bank, focuses on providing customers with safe, secure and convenient ways to bank, bridging the gap between customer requirements and banking best practices.
explore career portal
Follow us for the latest news and
current vacancies at DIB
Job Search
UAE Nationals
DIB Swift Code :  DUIBAEAD
DIB Routing Number : 802420101
IBOR Transition :
Update 1
|
Update 2
IBOR Transition related queries:
IBOR.Transition@dib.ae
Key Fact Statements
Product T&Cs
Warnings
Schedule of Charges
People of Determination
Sanctions and Embargoes
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Community Services
Assistance or complaints
Opt out from Marketing Communications
*Available only on GMS enabled Huawei devices
Schedule of Charges
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Copyright © 2025 All rights reserved. Dubai Islamic Bank Public Joint Stock Company, licensed & regulated by the Central Bank of the UAE. Dubai Islamic Bank (PJSC), Al Maktoum Road, Deira, P.O. Box 1080, Dubai, UAE