We are listening | Customer Services | Dubai Islamic Bank
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of
website accessibility
Search DIB
العربية
Personal
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Investment Products
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Transfer Funds
Other Services
Emirati Banking
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
Tools
Go Back
Offers
Product Finder
IBAN Validator
Product Comparator
IBAN Generator
Finance Calculator
Exchange rates
Profit Rates
Business
Corporate Banking
Treasury
Business Banking
Investment Banking
Business Finance
Real-Estate
Foreign Exchange
Money Markets
About Us
About Islamic Banking
Our History
Vision, Purpose & Values
Awards
Leadership Team
Subsidiaries and Associates
Media Center
Investor Relations
Customer Charter
Contact Us
Work With Us
Career Fairs
UAE Nationals
Job Search
alt
Sustainability
Branches & ATMs
Contact Us
Fatima from DIB
Just now
Looks like you may be taking time to decide. May I help you with something?
Reply
> No Thanks
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Personal
Business
alt
العربية
About Us
Sustainability
Work With Us
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Open an Account
Get Personal Finance
Manage your Wealth
Find a Card
Get Auto Finance
Finance your Home
More
We are listening
We strive to give you the best possible service.  If we have fallen short or you are unsatisfied in any way, it is important that we hear about it.  This gives us the opportunity to investigate, make things right and improve our services for everyone.
We will take your complaint seriously and aim to find a timely resolution upholding our complaint handling principles.
Complaint Handling Principles:
To provide
accessible
ways for customers to make complaints free of cost.
To treat customers’ concerns with
empathy
.
To make
transparent and reliable
responses to customers’ complaints.
To provide an added layer of
security
to customers.
To ensure
fairness
to customers.
Any Questions?
What is a complaint?
A complaint is a written or verbal expression of dissatisfaction in respect of our products, services, actions, policies or procedures.
Who can submit a complaint?
Any of our existing or prospective customers, or subject to legal terms and conditions, their representatives.
Non-DIB customers.
What does this mean for you as a customer?
You can complain about our services, any regulated financial product or service, promotional activity or unfair practice, including but not limited to the following:
Category
Complaint Areas / Examples
Products
Opening or managing accounts
Credit or debit card issues
Product promotions and offerings
Services
Issues related to remittances, such as delays
Delays in services (e.g., liability letter) exceeding the
communicated turnaround time
Billing disputes
Money transfer issues
Fees And Charges
Undisclosed fees and charges
Unauthorized transactions
Terms and conditions
Promotion Activities
Unclear or unfair marketing and advertising practices
Mis-selling
Customer Service
Employee or authorised agent behavior
Long queues at branches
Finance Facilities
Understanding the finance facility
Issues in applying for finance
Signing the agreement
Debt Collection
Debt consolidation or collection issues
Accessing blocked funds
Accessibility
Call center, ATM and CDM accessibility issues
Digital channels (e.g., mobile banking, website, or other digital platforms)
Security / Privacy
Personal information privacy
Third Parties
Membership / benefit issues with third parties (miles, partners, etc.)
Sharia compliance
Any matter related to Sharia compliance of our products and services
An inquiry, suggestion or feedback about our products and services shall not be considered a complaint and will be directed to the respective team.
The following examples will not be considered as complaints:
General dissatisfaction, which is not related to an issue from our side (e.g. branch location, approved and fully disclosed fees, and profit rates, etc.).
Service requests which are yet to be submitted through one of our official channels.
Pending service requests which are still within the agreed turnaround time disclosed to you.
Inquiries, suggestions or feedback about us or our products and services.
How to complain to us?
Gather any supporting documents, records and details that will assist us in the investigation of your complaint.
Get in touch with us through one of the following channels to let us know about your complaint:
During business hours:
Visit any branch
Contact your Relationship Manager (if you are eligible for an RM)
At any time:
Phone Banking
+971 4 609 2222
Online and Mobile Banking
E-mail:
Contactus@dib.ae
DIB Website Complaint Form
www.dib.ae/feedback
By mail: Complaints Management Unit, Dubai Islamic Bank, PO Box 1080, Dubai, UAE
For written complaints please include your full name and details of how we can contact you, your account and the circumstances surrounding your complaint to help us conduct an effective investigation.
What to expect?
Upon receipt of your complaint we will provide you with a unique reference number for tracking and follow up purposes.
We will acknowledge your complaint within 2 business days through SMS or a recorded call.
We will strive to respond to your complaint within an estimated average of 5 business days.
If the timely response or communication  is not possible due to the nature or complexity of your complaint, we will  inform you that we need more time to investigate and keep you informed of the progress of the investigation on weekly basis.
If you have not received a resolution in the provided timeframe, we will inform you about the reasons for the delay and provide you with a final response via recorded call or SMS within 30 calendar days.
What if I am unhappy with the resolution of my complaint?
If you are unhappy with our response, you may escalate your complaint to
complaint.escalation@dib.ae
, provide your complaint number and contact details; or
You may escalate your complaint to Sanadak (Ombudsman Unit for the United Arab Emirates), if we have not provided you with a final response within 30 calendar days from the date of your initial complaint, or you remain dissatisfied with our final response.
Which complaints can you escalate to Sanadak (Ombudsman Unit for the United Arab Emirates)?
You may escalate your complaint under any of the following conditions:
You are not satisfied with our final decision.
We have not provided you with a resolution within 30 calendar days of your complaint submission.
We have refused to accept your complaint.
How can you escalate your complaint to Sanadak (Ombudsman Unit for the United Arab Emirates)?
We encourage you to follow up with us first to ask about the status of the complaint investigation process (we might have contacted you but have been unsuccessful in reaching you).
You may escalate the complaint to
complaint.escalation@dib.ae
. If you require further information, visit
www.sanadak.gov.ae
Show More
20 January 2025
DIB increases its stake to 25% in Digital Bank in Türkiye
30 December 2024
Crypto.com inks Partnership with Dubai Islamic Bank
20 December 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Relaunches 'DIB XTRA' Campaign with Exceptional Rewards and Exclusive Benefits
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Other Services
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
DIB Swift Code :  DUIBAEAD
DIB Routing Number : 802420101
IBOR Transition :
Update 1
|
Update 2
IBOR Transition related queries:
IBOR.Transition@dib.ae
Key Fact Statements
Product T&Cs
Warnings
Schedule of Charges
People of Determination
Sanctions and Embargoes
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Community Services
Assistance or complaints
Opt out from Marketing Communications
*Available only on GMS enabled Huawei devices
Schedule of Charges
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Copyright © 2025 All rights reserved. Dubai Islamic Bank Public Joint Stock Company, licensed & regulated by the Central Bank of the UAE. Dubai Islamic Bank (PJSC), Al Maktoum Road, Deira, P.O. Box 1080, Dubai, UAE