alt digital full service banking from DIB | Dubai Islamic Bank
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of
website accessibility
Search DIB
العربية
Personal
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Investment Products
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Transfer Funds
Other Services
Emirati Banking
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
Tools
Go Back
Offers
Product Finder
IBAN Validator
Product Comparator
IBAN Generator
Finance Calculator
Exchange rates
Profit Rates
Business
Corporate Banking
Treasury
Business Banking
Investment Banking
Business Finance
Real-Estate
Foreign Exchange
Money Markets
About Us
About Islamic Banking
Our History
Vision, Purpose & Values
Awards
Leadership Team
Subsidiaries and Associates
Media Center
Investor Relations
Customer Charter
Contact Us
Work With Us
Career Fairs
UAE Nationals
Job Search
alt
Sustainability
Branches & ATMs
Contact Us
Fatima from DIB
Just now
Looks like you may be taking time to decide. May I help you with something?
Reply
> No Thanks
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Personal
Business
alt
العربية
About Us
Sustainability
Work With Us
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Open an Account
Get Personal Finance
Manage your Wealth
Find a Card
Get Auto Finance
Finance your Home
More
alt
Access 135+
Banking services
Easy access
Mobile, WhatsApp & Online
New account
In minutes
Request Callback
Find a branch
Become a customer
What is alt?
alt is not another bank, not an app, not a product or service. alt is full service digital banking from Dubai Islamic Bank.
> Open bank account in minutes
> Get personal finance in a snap
> Get credit card in a flash
> Access 135+ digital banking services
>> Your questions answered
>> Watch alt in motion
Open an Account
What is alt?
alt is not another bank, not an app, not a product or service. alt is full service digital banking from Dubai Islamic Bank.
> Open bank account in minutes
> Get personal finance in a snap
> Get credit card in a flash
> Access 135+ digital banking services
>> Your questions answered
>> Watch alt in motion
Open an Account
alt account in minutes
Say goodbye to signing forms, paperwork or branch visit and open your bank account within minutes, anytime, anywhere.
More Details
Personal Finance in a snap
Easy, simple and convenient financing solutions. Get quick access to funds, digitally, in minutes.
More Details
Credit Card in a flash
A suite of credit cards providing a range of lifestyle benefits that are tailor-made to match your needs.
More Details
alt mobile
Enjoy the convenience of banking on the go with alt Mobile. Safe, secure and in minutes.
More Details
DIB alt on WhatsApp
Bringing banking even closer to you via your favourite app!.
More Details
alt online
Secure access to state-of-the-art Online Banking. Benefit from over 135 services.
More Details
alt self service
Access to funds or make deposits easily by way of our ATMs and Cash Deposit Machines located across the UAE.
More Details
DIB alt phone banking
Access to 24/7 banking support via IVR enabled Phone Banking.
More Details
alt business online
Get safe and secure access to your business account via Business Online.
More Details
alt payments and services
Aani
Apple Pay
Samsung Pay
E – Statement Facility
UAE Pass
Any Questions?
What is alt?
In an increasing digital era, DIB is taking a step further by introducing an all-digital way of banking with alt. alt is digital full-service banking from Dubai Islamic Bank.
What are the benefits of alt?
alt allows you to take out your day-to-day banking needs through accessible and convenient digital channels, servicing you from anywhere or anytime convenient for you. With 135+ services available through the DIB alt mobile, DIB alt online, DIB alt on WhatsApp or via any DIB ATM, you can now address your banking needs through fast, reliable and paperless channels 24/7.
Is alt another digital bank, app, product or service?
alt is not another bank, app, product or service. alt is the full suite of digital services from Dubai Islamic Bank available for you to service your banking needs through fast, reliable and secure channels.
What type of digital services are available through alt?
alt contains more than 135 digital services to accommodate your needs. alt enables you to do many things such as opening bank account in minutes, applying for personal finance or credit cards, remitting money locally or internationally, making payments, and much more, all possible with a tap, click or swipe using DIB’s various digital channels.
How can I use alt digital services?
All you need is to register for DIB alt mobile, DIB alt online and DIB alt on WhatsApp to access more than 135 services catered to your needs. Say goodbye to branch queues and time off your day to get your banking needs addressed!
How can I register for DIB alt mobile app?
To access alt mobile experience from the palm of your hand, just download the DIB alt mobile App to your Smart Phone by visiting the App Store or Google Play, or by scanning the QR code.
Tap “Register” icon on the DIB alt mobile login screen
Enter your Card & PIN details and verify
Enter USER ID & password
Enter the required Security Credentials
And you’re good to go! You can use the same credentials to login to alt online banking too.
How can I register for DIB alt online?
To access alt online, you can use your mobile credentials if registered to login directly. Otherwise just follow the below steps to create your registration credentials:
Go to
www.dib.ae
and click “alt online”
Click “New User” Tab and select “Register Now”
Select Individual>>Card Holder
Enter USER ID, password and the required security credentials
Enter active card & PIN details, CAPTCHA, and then click on “Submit”
And you’re good to go! You can use the same credentials to login to mobile banking too.
How can I register for DIB alt on WhatsApp?
Add
+97146092222
to your contact list and say ‘Hi’ from your mobile number registered with DIB
You will receive a welcome message, simply hit the ‘Subscribe’ button
Enter your CIF number or account number or last 6 digits of your credit card number
Enter OTP and you are done!
Do I have more channels apart from DIB alt mobile, DIB alt online, DIB alt on WhatsApp and DIB ATMs to use?
alt provides you with a vast range of digital channels to be used at your own convenience such as voice enabled IVR and chatbot.
What are the benefits of Voice-enabled alt phone banking?
Voice-enabled alt phone banking is a fast, simple and secure way to take care of your banking transactions. It is designed to help you navigate through the state of art technology using your voice commands with simple and few words, where it will automatically route your call to the most appropriate service based on your request. Benefits include:
Shorter waiting time
Banking transactions using voice
Quick and secure services are offered such as Utility Payments, Easy Investments, Manage Your Finances and Other Additional Services.
What’s the VHT service through Phone banking service?
VHT (Virtual Hold Technology) refers to a technology that allows you to choose a callback option instead of waiting on hold, then the system will connect you to the call center directly to immediately serve you.
What is the voice biometric and how I can enroll myself?
Voice biometric can authenticate you in seconds using your most unique feature: your voice. It is a security layer depending on your voice print, which will provide a secure access to your daily banking needs.
Below are the steps of enrolment:
Step 1. Call
04 609 2222
and say “Register my Voice ID”
Step 2. Key-in your Telephone PIN and One-time-password
Step 3. Repeat: “My voice is my password in DIB” to complete the registration
Link:
https://youtu.be/akPhj3irXnM
How can I benefit more from alt if I transfer my salary to DIB?
Get access to pre-approved offers for personal finance, credit cards and much more through DIB alt mobile app if you meet the eligibility criteria. Accessible in a few clicks through “Offers for you…”. Transfer your salary now to do more with alt!
What is the chatbot? And how I can use it?
Chatbot is an automated digital assistant that uses artificial intelligence (AI) to communicate with you and help you with your banking needs. Chatbot understands your requests and responds with relevant information or actions required, where you can interact with the chatbot through a messaging interface available on the DIB’s website, Facebook messenger and Skype.
What kind of transactions /services are available through chatbot?
Accounts
Cards
Finance
Utility Bill Payment
Balance Inquiry
Card Amount Due and Due Date
Total Outstanding Amount & Finance End Date
Salik Recharge
Last Salary Credit Date & Amount
Card Payment
Due Date & Installment Amount
Etisalat Payment
Last Five Transactions Inquiry
Credit Card Available Balance
No. of Remaining Installments
DU Payment
Apply for Salary in Advance
What is the IVR?
The IVR (Interactive Voice Response) is an automated phone system that allows you to access account information, make transactions, and perform other tasks using touch-tone key presses, our IVR offers a range of services, such as balance inquiries, transaction history, bill payments and account transfers and many more.
What are the services available on the IVR?
Utility Services
Accounts/Finance Banking Services
Card Services
Payment and Fund Transfer
Other Electronic Services
Telecom Payments for Etisalat & Du
CASA account balance and last 5 transactions
Card Balance and last 5 transactions
Salary in Advance
Change TPIN (Post Login)
Utility Bill Payments for DEWA, SEWA & FEWA :
Check book request
Total amount due & Due date
Transfer between own account
SMS Banking-SMS Registration / PIN Reset.
SALIK recharge
Account statement by Fax
Card statement by Fax
Pre-designated DIB account
Internet Banking
Air Arabia & Fly Dubai Payments
Finance amount and maturity
Card Payment (from card to account & from account to card)
Open term deposit
Card pin change (Post Login)
Finance Outstanding balance
Card activation and card Pin Reset or Pin Creation (Post Login)
Card PIN Reset (Post Login)
Show More
Access 135+ digital banking services
Get bonus Skywards Miles and earn Miles on all your spends.
The Emirates Skywards DIB Signature Credit Card
Get bonus Skywards Miles and earn Miles on all your spends.
Experience the happy way home and apply in minutes!
MyHome - Customised Home Finance
Experience the happy way home and apply in minutes!
Need cash urgently? Get up to AED 4 million finance.
Personal Finance
Need cash urgently? Get up to AED 4 million finance.
20 January 2025
DIB increases its stake to 25% in Digital Bank in Türkiye
30 December 2024
Crypto.com inks Partnership with Dubai Islamic Bank
20 December 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Relaunches 'DIB XTRA' Campaign with Exceptional Rewards and Exclusive Benefits
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Other Services
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
DIB Swift Code :  DUIBAEAD
DIB Routing Number : 802420101
IBOR Transition :
Update 1
|
Update 2
IBOR Transition related queries:
IBOR.Transition@dib.ae
Key Fact Statements
Product T&Cs
Warnings
Schedule of Charges
People of Determination
Sanctions and Embargoes
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Community Services
Assistance or complaints
Opt out from Marketing Communications
*Available only on GMS enabled Huawei devices
Schedule of Charges
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Copyright © 2025 All rights reserved. Dubai Islamic Bank Public Joint Stock Company, licensed & regulated by the Central Bank of the UAE. Dubai Islamic Bank (PJSC), Al Maktoum Road, Deira, P.O. Box 1080, Dubai, UAE
Thank You
Your Name
*
Please enter a valid name
Mobile Number
*
050
052
054
055
056
058
Please Enter Mobile number
Friend Name
*
Friend Email
*