Wajaha Private Banking | Manage your Wealth | Dubai Islamic Bank
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of
website accessibility
Search DIB
العربية
Personal
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Investment Products
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Transfer Funds
Other Services
Emirati Banking
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
Tools
Go Back
Offers
Product Finder
IBAN Validator
Product Comparator
IBAN Generator
Finance Calculator
Exchange rates
Profit Rates
Business
Corporate Banking
Treasury
Business Banking
Investment Banking
Business Finance
Real-Estate
Foreign Exchange
Money Markets
About Us
About Islamic Banking
Our History
Vision, Purpose & Values
Awards
Leadership Team
Subsidiaries and Associates
Media Center
Investor Relations
Customer Charter
Contact Us
Work With Us
Career Fairs
UAE Nationals
Job Search
alt
Sustainability
Branches & ATMs
Contact Us
Fatima from DIB
Just now
Looks like you may be taking time to decide. May I help you with something?
Reply
> No Thanks
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Personal
Business
alt
العربية
About Us
Sustainability
Work With Us
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Open an Account
Get Personal Finance
Manage your Wealth
Find a Card
Get Auto Finance
Finance your Home
More
Wajaha Private Banking
Personalised
Banking Assistance
Banking Privileges
On All Products
Dedicated
Phone Banking Service
Request Callback
Find a branch
For Fees & Charges,
click here
A class apart
The Wajaha customer experience comes with unmatched privacy and bespoke advantages and privileges.
A class apart
The Wajaha customer experience comes with unmatched privacy and bespoke advantages and privileges.
Card Privileges
Your Wajaha Banking cards promise benefits with unlimited lifestyle privileges, discounts and more.
Infinite Debit Card:
Your Infinite Debit Card is packed with benefits such as a higher cash withdrawal limit of up to AED 75,000 (from DIB ATMs), a daily purchase limit of AED100,000, unlimited complimentary access to over 500 airport lounges worldwide through the Lounge Key Programme and free withdrawals at any UAE SWITCH ATMs. Your card is also accepted at across 10 million merchant outlets and for 2.3 million ATMs in more than 200 countries and territories worldwide.
Infinite Credit Card:
With a limit of up to AED 1 Million, your card guarantees privacy with VISA LoungeKey membership with unlimited complimentary access to 650 luxurious airport lounges globally for you and one guest. You can also avail of individually tailored value added services and priority processing.
Further, you are also entitled to a host of offers such as - Valet Parking (at Wajaha Private Banking Centres and at malls across the UAE and Dubai International Airport twice a month with your Infinite Credit Card), Free roadside assistance (24 hours emergency roadside assistance across the UAE, inclusive of towing, jump start, flat tyre fixing, lock-out service and fuel assistance, free unlimited off-road pull out services, free annual vehicle registration service, free automobile pick-up and drop-off for car service, free international driving license, free limousine pick-up and drop-off in case of accidents. For assistance call
8004101
).
Your card also entitles you to travel insurance, covering medical expenses of up to US$ 1 million, personal liability up to US$ 500,000 and also extends to family members (cardholder, spouse and up to 5 children). Your card further entitles you to international concierge services, available 24/7 and staffed by professionals. The service is available worldwide, across 400 cities in 120 countries, free of cost (only actuals will be billed to you). The concierge number is
80004413487
or
+97144097888
.
Show More
Account Privileges
Your Wajaha account celebrates the utmost experience of banking excellence and superior service.
List of Privileges:
Exclusive Wajaha centres in Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Sharjah and Al Ain.
Exclusive Phone Banking Centre: Your requirements will be handled by a dedicated team, available on 800DIBVIP(342847) or
+97146092040
if calling from outside the UAE.
Lockers: Available to DIB salary account holders, enjoy 50% off on locker rental charges.
Relationship Manager: An experienced professional who will personally analyse your portfolio and offer the best advice regarding your personal and financial goals.
Show More
Finance Privileges
Look forward to more from your finance and investments plans with Wajaha.
List of Privileges:
Wakala Deposits: Our range of Wakala Deposits take the uncertainty out of investment by offering upfront expected profit rates for secured returns.
Auto Finance: Along with attractive profit rates and finance tenures of up to 60 months, you will also enjoy priority processing of applications, preferential pricing, finance limits of up to AED 1.5 million, Processing Fee - 0.53% of financing amount (Min AED 520, Max AED 2,620), exclusive offers and pricing from V-KOOL along with special rates on Auto Takaful (with free AAA membership) and offers on auto dealerships services.
Personal Finance: finance against salary of up to AED 4 million for UAE Nationals and AED 2 million for expatriates, along with finance against investment deposits up to AED 100 million and pre-approved personal finance up to AED 1 Million or 35% of deposit value, whichever is lower.
Home Finance: Enjoy home financing across the emirates for up AED 50 million, comprehensive solutions covering property purchase, cash against property, financing of office space, land purchases and balance transfers from another financial institution with equity release, financing for commercial and residential properties, finance tenures of up to 25 years (residential) and 10 years (commercial), dedicated Home Finance Relationship Managers, finance limits available against salary, rental and/or business income and rates starting at 3.24% with transparent structures and no hidden step-up rates.
Investments: Available in either AED, USD or EUR currencies, enjoy flexible deposit tenures of 1, 3, 6, 9 or 12 months with the advantage of automatic roll-over facility. Our comprehensive portfolio of Islamic investment products is structured to offer competitive returns and risk diversification across global markets. Your investment options include structured products, investments in commodities, mutual funds, REITS and share finance. Extensive brokerage services are also offered through Dubai Islamic Financial Services (DIFS)
Click here
to view Mutual Funds dashboard
Show More
Eligibility
Automatic enrollment for customers who maintain a minimum required relationship of AED 3,500,000, or receive a salary credit of AED 150,000. A nominal monthly membership fee (AED 200) will apply in case the relationship requirement is not met.
Not the package you want?
Explore more packages you can open with us.
Banking solutions that work alongside your career ambitions.
Salaried Emiratis Banking Package
Banking solutions that work alongside your career ambitions.
Experience the happy way home and apply in minutes!
MyHome - Customised Home Finance
Experience the happy way home and apply in minutes!
Designed to understand the exclusive needs of your family.
Family Banking Package
Designed to understand the exclusive needs of your family.
20 January 2025
DIB increases its stake to 25% in Digital Bank in Türkiye
30 December 2024
Crypto.com inks Partnership with Dubai Islamic Bank
20 December 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Relaunches 'DIB XTRA' Campaign with Exceptional Rewards and Exclusive Benefits
05 November 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Nine Month 2024 Group Financial Results
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Other Services
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
DIB Swift Code :  DUIBAEAD
DIB Routing Number : 802420101
IBOR Transition :
Update 1
|
Update 2
IBOR Transition related queries:
IBOR.Transition@dib.ae
Key Fact Statements
Product T&Cs
Warnings
Schedule of Charges
People of Determination
Sanctions and Embargoes
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Community Services
Assistance or complaints
Opt out from Marketing Communications
*Available only on GMS enabled Huawei devices
Schedule of Charges
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Copyright © 2025 All rights reserved. Dubai Islamic Bank Public Joint Stock Company, licensed & regulated by the Central Bank of the UAE. Dubai Islamic Bank (PJSC), Al Maktoum Road, Deira, P.O. Box 1080, Dubai, UAE
Thank You
Your Name
*
Please enter a valid name
Mobile Number
*
050
052
054
055
056
058
Please Enter Mobile number
Friend Name
*
Friend Email
*