What is Islamic Banking  | About Us | Dubai Islamic Bank
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of
website accessibility
Search DIB
العربية
Personal
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Investment Products
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Transfer Funds
Other Services
Emirati Banking
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
Tools
Go Back
Offers
Product Finder
IBAN Validator
Product Comparator
IBAN Generator
Finance Calculator
Exchange rates
Profit Rates
Business
Corporate Banking
Treasury
Business Banking
Investment Banking
Business Finance
Real-Estate
Foreign Exchange
Money Markets
About Us
About Islamic Banking
Our History
Vision, Purpose & Values
Awards
Leadership Team
Subsidiaries and Associates
Media Center
Investor Relations
Customer Charter
Contact Us
Work With Us
Career Fairs
UAE Nationals
Job Search
alt
Sustainability
Branches & ATMs
Contact Us
Fatima from DIB
Just now
Looks like you may be taking time to decide. May I help you with something?
Reply
> No Thanks
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Personal
Business
alt
العربية
About Us
Sustainability
Work With Us
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
About Islamic Banking
Our History
Investor Relations
Media Center
More
What is Islamic Banking?
The principles of Islamic Banking and financial inclusion through incorporation of Sharia-law principles into conventional banking.
Haven't you always wondered what "Islamic Banking” was all about? Or, like most people, did you believe that it was a banking system of Muslims, by Muslims, and solely for Muslims? Well, read on and you will see why, for an ever-increasing number of people today, nothing could be further from the truth. And why, irrespective of their religion or faith, more and more people are turning to the virtues of Islamic banking.
'Interest Free' banking made possible
Sharia learning made easy
We have made understanding and learning the fundamentals of Sharia principles and concepts easy and fun. Begin the journey of eLearning.
Click here for :
Banking Services
|
Financial Products
Why was Islamic Banking established?
Since the beginning of the 18th century, banking has been conducted on an interest-based system of lending money to those in need. With no other alternative available, people had no choice but to borrow money at often high interest rates. This lead to the formation of an unfair system that brought unnecessary hardship on people.
It was this need for a fair financial system that brought about the birth of Islamic banking in the mid 1970s. Its objective was to provide a financial alternative that was fair, transparent and above all, a source of economic upliftment for all those in need.
Islamic banking, enlightened with the guidance of Islamic Sharia principles, emerged as an alternative financial system that neither gave nor took interest, thereby introducing a fair system of social justice and equality, while fulfilling the financial needs of people and maintaining high standards of ethics, transparency and a sense of responsibility.
Show More
No interest! Is that the only interesting thing about Islamic Banking?
If you thought that Islamic banking and conventional banking are two sides of the same coin or if you believed there can be no banking without interest, we welcome you to the amazing world of Islamic banking, where interest does not play any role.
A banking system in which millions around the world, irrespective of religious beliefs, are putting their faith in.
A banking system to which even the world’s leading conventional banks are turning to.
A banking system which is governed by a resilient code of ethics in all its practices and functions.
And, a banking system where ‘no interest’ is just one of the many aspects you’ll find interesting to follow for your own benefit.
Show More
Sharia Fatwas
Click here for Sharia Fatwas:
Ijara
|
Auto Murabaha
|
Mudaraba
|
Istisna
What makes Islamic banking unique?
Rather than opting for interest as a way of generating wealth, Islamic banking is unique in the way that it helps individuals as well as businesses build tangible and appreciating assets for themselves. This not only leads to prosperity founded on a solid economic base, but also encourages the spirit of entrepreneurship amongst its customers. Islamic banks are based on the unique concept of profit and loss sharing with the customers by way of various Sharia-compliant financing and investment tools.
Islamic banks provide an opportunity to the individuals and the businesses to build various assets which contribute to the development of the economy. Apart from this, the Islamic banks encourage the investment process through adopting innovative Sharia structures in all spheres of the economy, except in a few activities which are considered unethical.
Due to their very nature of complying with the Sharia principles, the Islamic banks are forbidden from indulging in any such practice, which may prove harmful to a customer.
Islamic banking is also the first where a customer, whether individual or corporate, isn't just a customer, but is a partner with the bank or owner of goods or assets. This means they share the risks, as well as the profits of such a partnership or ownership. And this unique arrangement is done in accordance with the laws of Sharia, which ensures complete transparency at all times.
Islamic banking therefore offers a portfolio of innovative, Sharia-compliant financial models that formalize this unique arrangement between customers and the bank. These are Murabaha, Musharaka, Mudaraba, Istisna, Salam and Ijara, to name a few.
Another unique aspect of Islamic banking is the special status it accords to female customers. It was the first banking system to provide women with separate and specialized banking facilities for them to conduct their financial transactions in utmost privacy and comfort.
And last but not least, Islamic banking is perhaps the only financial system to forbid the use of its finances or services for misleading, dishonorable, immoral and other purposes that would be harmful to society.
Show More
Shariah Compliance
All our financial products and services are regulated by Islamic Banking principles and are periodically reviewed and approved by our Shariah Advisory Board, ensuring investments are made only in Shariah-compliant companies and yearly Shariah audits are carried out as well.
20 January 2025
DIB increases its stake to 25% in Digital Bank in Türkiye
30 December 2024
Crypto.com inks Partnership with Dubai Islamic Bank
20 December 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Relaunches 'DIB XTRA' Campaign with Exceptional Rewards and Exclusive Benefits
About Islamic Banking
Vision, Purpose & Values
Subsidiaries and Associates
Leadership Team
DIB Swift Code :  DUIBAEAD
DIB Routing Number : 802420101
IBOR Transition :
Update 1
|
Update 2
IBOR Transition related queries:
IBOR.Transition@dib.ae
Key Fact Statements
Product T&Cs
Warnings
Schedule of Charges
People of Determination
Sanctions and Embargoes
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Community Services
Assistance or complaints
Opt out from Marketing Communications
*Available only on GMS enabled Huawei devices
Schedule of Charges
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Copyright © 2025 All rights reserved. Dubai Islamic Bank Public Joint Stock Company, licensed & regulated by the Central Bank of the UAE. Dubai Islamic Bank (PJSC), Al Maktoum Road, Deira, P.O. Box 1080, Dubai, UAE