Security & Support | Dubai Islamic Bank
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of
website accessibility
Search DIB
العربية
Personal
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Investment Products
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Transfer Funds
Other Services
Emirati Banking
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
Tools
Go Back
Offers
Product Finder
IBAN Validator
Product Comparator
IBAN Generator
Finance Calculator
Exchange rates
Profit Rates
Business
Corporate Banking
Treasury
Business Banking
Investment Banking
Business Finance
Real-Estate
Foreign Exchange
Money Markets
About Us
About Islamic Banking
Our History
Vision, Purpose & Values
Awards
Leadership Team
Subsidiaries and Associates
Media Center
Investor Relations
Customer Charter
Contact Us
Work With Us
Career Fairs
UAE Nationals
Job Search
alt
Sustainability
Branches & ATMs
Contact Us
Fatima from DIB
Just now
Looks like you may be taking time to decide. May I help you with something?
Reply
> No Thanks
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Personal
Business
alt
العربية
About Us
Sustainability
Work With Us
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Open an Account
Get Personal Finance
Manage your Wealth
Find a Card
Get Auto Finance
Finance your Home
More
Security & Support
At Dubai Islamic Bank (DIB), it is our constant endeavour to provide you with secure banking solutions. We would, thus, advise you not to respond to any email asking you to provide personal banking data. Any such request is a Phishing email intended to steal sensitive information like PINs, usernames and passwords from you. Dubai Islamic Bank will never ask you to provide any personal information over email.
Some tips that will help protect you against potential scams:
Lost, Misplaced or Stolen Card
If your card has been lost/misplaced/stolen, immediately request the Bank to have the same blocked through any of the following ways:
Phone Banking - Call
04-609 2222
and say “I lost my card” to our virtual assistant or select option # 3 from the IVR main menu
Online Banking  - Go to Relationship Summary>>Select Card>> Block Card
Mobile Banking / Select Card>>Manage Card >> Block Card
WhatsApp Banking: Select option 8  “Card Block and Replacement” from Main Menu to block card.
Unauthorized/Fraud/Suspicious transactions on accounts or cards
If you notice any suspicious/unauthorized/fraud transaction(s) in your accounts or cards, please immediately report the details to us through:
Phone Banking - Call
04-609 2222
and say “Unauthorized transaction” to our virtual assistant or select option # 3 from the IVR main menu.
KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION CONFIDENTIAL
Do not reply to any email asking you for any personal details such as your Account Number, Credit Card Number, password, PIN etc.
WHAT YOU SEE IS NOT ALWAYS TRUE
Do pay attention to the following:
Sender’s email address is not an indication of authenticity, as it can be easily altered to reflect any desired address.
In order to verify the legitimacy of a link in an email, move your mouse over the link and it will display the contents of the link. If the contents do not match DIB's address (
https://online.dib.ae
), then the site is not legitimate.
Avoid using simple passwords or numbers associated with personal dates as they can easily be guessed by hackers
Do not share your password or personal identification number (PIN) with anyone or leave them written down anywhere
Regularly change your password to ensure you remain secured
Always be cautious when entering your PIN at an ATM or POS Terminal
Keep your cheque book stored away in a safe place
SAFER ONLINE/MOBILE BANKING
While using Al Islami Online Banking or DIB Mobile, please note the following at all times:
The web address for online banking should start with :
https://online.dib.ae
A small padlock image should appear at the top of your web browser (The location of the lock image will differ depending on the browser type)
DIB Mobile needs to be downloaded from App store or Google play only, based on your device operating system that you are using.
Your security image that you have selected while you are enrolling to  DIB Online/Mobile channels needs to appear as same in each and every login to the channels unless you have changed it.
REPORT SUSPICIOUS EMAILS
In case you receive a suspicious email, please forward it immediately to
contactus@dib.ae
and then delete the email. We will verify the authenticity of the email and revert to you.
To know more about secure online/mobile banking with Dubai Islamic Bank, please visit
https://online.dib.ae
and click on 'Security Alerts'
20 January 2025
DIB increases its stake to 25% in Digital Bank in Türkiye
30 December 2024
Crypto.com inks Partnership with Dubai Islamic Bank
20 December 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Relaunches 'DIB XTRA' Campaign with Exceptional Rewards and Exclusive Benefits
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Other Services
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
DIB Swift Code :  DUIBAEAD
DIB Routing Number : 802420101
IBOR Transition :
Update 1
|
Update 2
IBOR Transition related queries:
IBOR.Transition@dib.ae
Key Fact Statements
Product T&Cs
Warnings
Schedule of Charges
People of Determination
Sanctions and Embargoes
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Community Services
Assistance or complaints
Opt out from Marketing Communications
*Available only on GMS enabled Huawei devices
Schedule of Charges
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Copyright © 2025 All rights reserved. Dubai Islamic Bank Public Joint Stock Company, licensed & regulated by the Central Bank of the UAE. Dubai Islamic Bank (PJSC), Al Maktoum Road, Deira, P.O. Box 1080, Dubai, UAE