Aayan Exclusive Banking | Manage your Wealth | Dubai Islamic Bank
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of
website accessibility
Search DIB
العربية
Personal
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Investment Products
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Transfer Funds
Other Services
Emirati Banking
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
Tools
Go Back
Offers
Product Finder
IBAN Validator
Product Comparator
IBAN Generator
Finance Calculator
Exchange rates
Profit Rates
Business
Corporate Banking
Treasury
Business Banking
Investment Banking
Business Finance
Real-Estate
Foreign Exchange
Money Markets
About Us
About Islamic Banking
Our History
Vision, Purpose & Values
Awards
Leadership Team
Subsidiaries and Associates
Media Center
Investor Relations
Customer Charter
Contact Us
Work With Us
Career Fairs
UAE Nationals
Job Search
alt
Sustainability
Branches & ATMs
Contact Us
Fatima from DIB
Just now
Looks like you may be taking time to decide. May I help you with something?
Reply
> No Thanks
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Personal
Business
alt
العربية
About Us
Sustainability
Work With Us
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Open an Account
Get Personal Finance
Manage your Wealth
Find a Card
Get Auto Finance
Finance your Home
More
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Personalised
Banking Assistance
Banking Privileges
On All Products
Request Callback
Find a branch
For Fees & Charges,
click here
Setting a higher standard
Celebrate unparalleled excellence and experience when it comes to handling every aspect of your banking relationship and wealth management.
Setting a higher standard
Celebrate unparalleled excellence and experience when it comes to handling every aspect of your banking relationship and wealth management.
Finance Privileges
Look forward to more from your finance and investments plans with Aayan Exclusive.
List of Privileges:
Wakala Deposits: Our range of Wakala Deposits take the uncertainty out of investment by offering upfront expected profit rates for secured returns.
Auto Finance: Along with attractive profit rates and finance tenures of up to 60 months, you will also enjoy priority processing of applications, preferential pricing, pre-approved limits of up to AED 750,000, Processing Fee - 0.53% of financing amount (Min AED 520, Max AED 2,620), exclusive offers and pricing from V-KOOL along with special rates on Auto Takaful (with free AAA membership) and offers on auto dealerships services.
Auto Ijarah: Avail easy finance against your car for up to 80% of the car value with competitive rates starting from 3.50% p.a. and tenures of up to 60 months.
Personal Finance: finance against salary of up to AED 4 million for UAE Nationals and AED 2 million for expatriates, along with finance against investment deposits up to AED 10 million and personal finance up to AED 500,000 or 25% of deposit value, whichever is lower.
Home Finance: Enjoy bespoke home financing across the emirates for up AED 15 million, comprehensive solutions covering property purchase, cash against property, financing of office space, land purchases and balance transfers from another financial institution with equity release, financing for commercial and residential properties, finance tenures of up to 25 years, no processing fee on buyouts (Residential Only) and rates starting at 3.24% with transparent structures and no hidden step-up rates.
Investments: Available in either AED, USD or EUR currencies, enjoy flexible deposit tenures of 1, 3, 6, 9 or 12 months with the advantage of automatic roll-over facility. Our comprehensive portfolio of Islamic investment products is structured to offer competitive returns and risk diversification across global markets. Your investment options include structured products, mutual fund-based portfolios, currency and commodity-linked structures and sukuk. Extensive brokerage services are also offered through Dubai Islamic Financial Services (DIFS)
Click here
to view Mutual Funds dashboard
Show More
Eligibility
Automatic enrollment for customers who maintain a minimum required relationship of AED 350,000, or receive a salary credit of AED 35,000. A nominal monthly membership fee will apply in case the relationship requirement is not met. For further information, please call
+97146092222
.
Account Privileges
Exclusively created to meet the needs of affluent individuals, Aayan offers the best of personal banking.
List of Privileges:
2 in 1 Account: The convenience of a regular account plus profits on deposits. Your account comes with exclusive debit cards with higher cash withdrawal limits and worldwide acceptance.
E-Savings Account: Earn higher profits than a regular savings account with this online account that can be opened in minutes.
Exclusive teller counters in select branches with up to 10 free teller transactions per month.
Lockers: Available at selected branches, enjoy 25% off on locker rental charges.
Relationship Manager: Professional advice on every banking service you need at Aayan Centres across the UAE.
Show More
Card Privileges
Enjoy the Signature card experience with your Aayan Exclusive Banking package and look forward to a host of benefits and lifestyle privileges (refer below) here and around the world.
Signature Debit Card:
Your Signature Debit Card is packed with benefits such as a higher cash withdrawal limit of up to AED 35,000 (from DIB ATMs), a daily purchase limit of AED 75,000, along with unlimited complimentary access to over 500 airport lounges worldwide through the Lounge Key Programme. Your card is also accepted at across 10 million merchant outlets and for 2.3 million ATMs in more than 200 countries and territories worldwide.
Signature Credit Card:
Enjoy up to 55 days of free credit on your card that can be used across the UAE and at  27 million merchants worldwide and also automatically entitles you to free Purchase Protection and free Travel Insurance.
Further, you are also entitled to a host of offers such as - Valet Parking (at Aayan Exclusive Banking Centre's, twice a month at malls across the UAE and Dubai International Airport with your DIB Signature Credit Card), Free roadside assistance (24 hours emergency roadside assistance across the UAE, inclusive of towing, jump start, flat tire fixing, lock-out service and fuel assistance, free unlimited off-road pull out services, free annual vehicle registration service, free automobile pick-up and drop-off for car service, free international driving license, free limousine pick-up and drop-off in case of accidents. For assistance call
8004101
Show More
Aayan Exclusive Banking Centres
Enjoy banking in the plush comfort of our large network of 19 elegantly designed and prestigious Aayan Exclusive Banking Centres across the UAE
Centres
Branches
Dubai
1. Al Shoala Main Br.
2. Shaikh Zayed Road Br.
3. Umm Suqeim Br.
4. Muhaisnah Br.
1. Al Tawar Br.
2. Bur Dubai Br.
3. Business Bay Br.
4. Jumaira Ladies Br.
5. Al Maktoom Br.
Abu Dhabi & Al Ain
1. Abu Dhabi Main Br.
2. Al Salam Main Br.
3. Al Ain Main Br.
4. Al Khalidiya Br.
1. Al Jimi Br.
Sharjah & NE
1. Sharjah Main Br.
2. Ajman Main Br.
1. Fujairah Br.
2. RAK Br.
3. Al Qarrayn Branch
Lifestyle Privileges
Please present your Signature Card to avail these offers:
Emirates Palace, Abu Dhabi
20% discount on best available room rates
20% discount on Friday Brunch
15% discount on Spa treatment services
20% discount on treatments in Bastian Gonzalez
20% discount on treatments and grooming services in the exclusive Gentlemen’s Tonic establishment
Jumeirah Emirates Tower Health Club, Dubai
Free usage of facility at Emirates Towers Health Club on any given day
(simply show your Signature Card to avail this facility)
For more offers on your DIB Card, please
click here
Not the package you want?
Explore more packages you can open with us.
Banking solutions that work alongside your career ambitions.
Salaried Emiratis Banking Package
Banking solutions that work alongside your career ambitions.
Setting the standard for wealth management, focused on you.
Wajaha Private Banking
Setting the standard for wealth management, focused on you.
Designed to understand the exclusive needs of your family.
Family Banking Package
Designed to understand the exclusive needs of your family.
20 January 2025
DIB increases its stake to 25% in Digital Bank in Türkiye
30 December 2024
Crypto.com inks Partnership with Dubai Islamic Bank
20 December 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Relaunches 'DIB XTRA' Campaign with Exceptional Rewards and Exclusive Benefits
05 November 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Nine Month 2024 Group Financial Results
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Other Services
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
DIB Swift Code :  DUIBAEAD
DIB Routing Number : 802420101
IBOR Transition :
Update 1
|
Update 2
IBOR Transition related queries:
IBOR.Transition@dib.ae
Key Fact Statements
Product T&Cs
Warnings
Schedule of Charges
People of Determination
Sanctions and Embargoes
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Community Services
Assistance or complaints
Opt out from Marketing Communications
*Available only on GMS enabled Huawei devices
Schedule of Charges
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Copyright © 2025 All rights reserved. Dubai Islamic Bank Public Joint Stock Company, licensed & regulated by the Central Bank of the UAE. Dubai Islamic Bank (PJSC), Al Maktoum Road, Deira, P.O. Box 1080, Dubai, UAE
Thank You
Your Name
*
Please enter a valid name
Mobile Number
*
050
052
054
055
056
058
Please Enter Mobile number
Friend Name
*
Friend Email
*