A clean financial Record | Dubai Islamic Bank
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of
website accessibility
Search DIB
العربية
Personal
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Investment Products
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Transfer Funds
Other Services
Emirati Banking
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
Tools
Go Back
Offers
Product Finder
IBAN Validator
Product Comparator
IBAN Generator
Finance Calculator
Exchange rates
Profit Rates
Business
Corporate Banking
Treasury
Business Banking
Investment Banking
Business Finance
Real-Estate
Foreign Exchange
Money Markets
About Us
About Islamic Banking
Our History
Vision, Purpose & Values
Awards
Leadership Team
Subsidiaries and Associates
Media Center
Investor Relations
Customer Charter
Contact Us
Work With Us
Career Fairs
UAE Nationals
Job Search
alt
Sustainability
Branches & ATMs
Contact Us
Fatima from DIB
Just now
Looks like you may be taking time to decide. May I help you with something?
Reply
> No Thanks
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Personal
Business
alt
العربية
About Us
Sustainability
Work With Us
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Open an Account
Get Personal Finance
Manage your Wealth
Find a Card
Get Auto Finance
Finance your Home
More
A clean financial Record
Collections related queries
Circumstances can change, and financial difficulties may arise but we, at DIB, are always ready to help you with your financial obligations and to get back on track.
If you are having trouble keeping up with payments or require any information about collections, our expert team of finance counselors (under Special Accounts Management Unit) are always available to help and guide you with possible solutions.
We always encourage our customers to reach out to us and amicably discuss payment of any overdue amounts because we know that it is only beneficial to customers to ensure that their dues are paid on time.
Why do you need to keep your financial record clean?
To protect your credit rating with the bank which will allow you to enjoy associated benefits such as additional facilities at subsidized rates, attractive investment offers, credit facilities etc
Avoid late payment donations from being levied on overdue amounts
Prevent negative impact on your credit rating with the bank as well as Central Bank and Al Etihad Credit Bureau
Avoid your account from being referred to a 3rd party collection agency for follow up on the outstanding amounts
legal actions initiated by the bank in case of continued defaults on payments can be prevented
Understanding and planning your budget
Budgeting is a fundamental aspect of financial management, allowing individuals to take control of their money and work towards their financial goals. At its core, budgeting involves tracking income and expenses to create a plan that allocates funds effectively. By accurately recording all sources of income and categorising expenses, individuals gain insight into their spending habits and can identify areas where adjustments may be necessary. This process helps prioritise essential expenses, such as housing, transportation, and groceries, while also allowing for discretionary spending on non-essential items like entertainment and dining out in compliance with Sharia rules.
This can be done using various tools and methods, from traditional pen-and-paper tracking to sophisticated budgeting apps and software. We have designed an easy to understand excel sheet to track your income and expenses. Knowing this information empowers you to make informed decisions about your finances, prioritise essential expenses, and identify areas where adjustments can be made to achieve financial goals.
Moreover, budgeting is not a one-time activity but an ongoing process that requires regular review and adjustments. Life circumstances, expenses, and financial goals can change over time, so it is important to revisit and revise the budget as needed. By staying proactive and flexible, you can adapt your budget to reflect changing priorities and ensure continued financial stability.
For our self-help tool,
click here
Ways to contact us:
Our dedicated team of finance counsellors are always available to support our customers in need of assistance, ensuring that tailormade solutions are offered to get them back on track with their payments.
To discuss your queries with our counselors:
Collection Queries pertaining to all Retail Banking Clients.
You may reach out to us on our dedicated Collections Number:
(+971) 4 5032400
Write to our Collection Counselors at
Finance.Counselors@dib.ae
You may visit our Collections Offices located in Dubai:
Office Location
: Dubai Islamic Bank Al Nahda Building, 1st Floor, Al Nahda 1, Al Nahda Dubai, UAE
Timings
:
8:45 a.m. to 4:45 p.m. Monday to Thursday
8:45 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. & 2:30 p.m. to 4:45 p.m. Friday
Schedule of Charges
For fees and charges,
click here
20 January 2025
DIB increases its stake to 25% in Digital Bank in Türkiye
30 December 2024
Crypto.com inks Partnership with Dubai Islamic Bank
20 December 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Relaunches 'DIB XTRA' Campaign with Exceptional Rewards and Exclusive Benefits
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Other Services
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
DIB Swift Code :  DUIBAEAD
DIB Routing Number : 802420101
IBOR Transition :
Update 1
|
Update 2
IBOR Transition related queries:
IBOR.Transition@dib.ae
Key Fact Statements
Product T&Cs
Warnings
Schedule of Charges
People of Determination
Sanctions and Embargoes
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Community Services
Assistance or complaints
Opt out from Marketing Communications
*Available only on GMS enabled Huawei devices
Schedule of Charges
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Copyright © 2025 All rights reserved. Dubai Islamic Bank Public Joint Stock Company, licensed & regulated by the Central Bank of the UAE. Dubai Islamic Bank (PJSC), Al Maktoum Road, Deira, P.O. Box 1080, Dubai, UAE