Mumayyaz Privilege Banking | Personal | Dubai Islamic Bank
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of
website accessibility
Search DIB
العربية
Personal
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Investment Products
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Transfer Funds
Other Services
Emirati Banking
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
Tools
Go Back
Offers
Product Finder
IBAN Validator
Product Comparator
IBAN Generator
Finance Calculator
Exchange rates
Profit Rates
Business
Corporate Banking
Treasury
Business Banking
Investment Banking
Business Finance
Real-Estate
Foreign Exchange
Money Markets
About Us
About Islamic Banking
Our History
Vision, Purpose & Values
Awards
Leadership Team
Subsidiaries and Associates
Media Center
Investor Relations
Customer Charter
Contact Us
Work With Us
Career Fairs
UAE Nationals
Job Search
alt
Sustainability
Branches & ATMs
Contact Us
Fatima from DIB
Just now
Looks like you may be taking time to decide. May I help you with something?
Reply
> No Thanks
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Personal
Business
alt
العربية
About Us
Sustainability
Work With Us
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Open an Account
Get Personal Finance
Manage your Wealth
Find a Card
Get Auto Finance
Finance your Home
More
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
Personalised
Banking Assistance
Apply Now
Request Callback
Find a branch
For Fees & Charges,
click here
The recognition you deserve
Manage your long-term finance and investment needs as well as your everyday banking requirements, this package of privileges is designed to be all you need it to be.
The recognition you deserve
Manage your long-term finance and investment needs as well as your everyday banking requirements, this package of privileges is designed to be all you need it to be.
Card Privileges
Enjoy the Platinum card experience with your Mumayyaz Banking package and look forward to a host of benefits here and around the world with your Internationally accepted Platinum Debit Card.
Platinum Debit Card:
Your free Platinum Debit Card is packed with benefits such as a higher cash withdrawal limit of up to AED 35,000 (from DIB ATMs), a daily purchase limit of AED 75,000, acceptance at over 27 million shopping outlets worldwide and cash withdrawal facilities at more than 1 million ATMs across the world.
Platinum Credit Card:
Enjoy up to 50 days of credit with your Platinum Credit Card. Your card can be used across the UAE and at  27 million merchants worldwide and also automatically entitles you to free Purchase Protection and free Travel Insurance. Further, you are also entitled to a host of offers at restaurants and hotels - details provided on request.
Show More
Finance Privileges
Look forward to more from your finance and investments plans with the Mumayyaz advantage.
List of Privileges:
Wakala Deposits: Our range of Wakala Deposits take the uncertainty out of investment by offering upfront expected profit rates for secured returns. (Refer
here
).
Auto Finance: Along with attractive profit rates and finance tenures of up to 60 months, you will also enjoy priority processing of applications along with special rates on Auto Takaful and offers on auto dealerships services.
Auto Ijarah: Avail easy finance against your car for up to 80% of the car value with competitive rates and tenures of up to 60 months.
Personal Finance: Mumayyaz customers (with salary transfer) can avail personal finance of up to AED 3 million for UAE Nationals and AED 2 million for expatriates, along with Liability Settlement facilities which allow you to consolidate your dues into a single liability. Benefits of this include higher finance amounts (up to 20 times your salary) pre-approvals and attractive profit rates.
Home Finance: UAE nationals can avail finance for a residential property using any of the following - Murabaha, Standard Ijara, Buyout Ijara, Equity Release and Commercial Ijara. Expatriates can avail finance for a residential property using any of the following - Standard Ijarah, Buyout Ijara, Equity Release, Commercial Ijara and Top-up Finance.
Investments: Take advantage of our profitable investment deposits with higher returns at flexible tenures along with smarter investment portfolios, designed to be innovative and customer-centric. Features include: - Disciplined approach to portfolio construction - Asset allocation based on risk tolerance assessment - Choice of conservative, balanced and aggressive portfolios - Diversification across equity and fixed income Sharia-compliant investments - Specialised investment management services of Morningstar Investment Management Europe, facilitating fund manager selection - Detailed and transparent portfolio reports - Flexible fee structure designed to address different risk tolerance of clients
Show More
Eligibility
Customers who maintain a minimum required relationship of AED 100,000 - AED 350,000, or receive a salary credit of AED 15,000 - AED 35,000. For further information, please visit one of our Dubai Islamic Bank branches.
Account Privileges
Mumayyaz account holders enjoy a privileged banking experience, with benefits and features ranging from seamless transaction capabilities to various financing facilities and more.
Account benefits include access to a Suite Range of Wakala Deposits. You can also use our mobile app to transfer cash, Remit to ATM and more.
Any Questions?
What is the eligibility for Mumayyaz Privilege Banking?
A monthly salary transfer of AED 15,000 up to AED 35,000. Or maintaining a PFS balance of AED 100,000- 350,000.
What does PFS mean?
It means Personal Financial Standing. This includes all your current, savings, time deposit account balances, and the outstanding amount on auto finance, personal finance, home finance. Investment balances are also included.
How can I become a Mumayyaz customer if I am an existing customer meeting this eligibility but do not have a Mumayyaz status?
You need to fill the upgrade form available in our branches, sign and submit it to the branch for them to upgrade you. You may also select to change your cheque book and card which has related privileges such as retail discounts against it.
In how many branches do you have Mumayyaz dedicated desks available?
Over 40 Branches which will allow individual attention for your branch banking needs with priority queuing access.
How do I know who is my Relationship Officer?
Your branch where the account was opened will assign you a Relationship Officer whenever you visit the branch. There are over 90 Relationship officers dedicated across our branch network.
As a Mumayyaz Customer what special benefits do i get?
You have the access to our full range of Wakala deposits, you can get up to 90% of one months net salary by applying for salary in advance facility up to 30,000 immediately through DIB channels for any unforeseen needs. You can access financing for a car at one of the most competitive rates in the market, or simply take a Personal Finance against your salary at attractive profit rates. You can also buy out your home finance facility or avail of a new purchase of property. For lifestyle benefits we offer discounts against debit/credit cards across the UAE. We also offer mobile cash to pay other individuals through a coded SMS which allows non DIB customers to pick up cash at any DIB ATM.
Does the bank offer alternative channels through which I can do my transactions?
Yes we offer Mobile App, Internet Banking, ATM/CDM, SMS banking, offer seamless transaction capability 24/7. To subscribe to the Mobile app you simply need to download the app and for Internet Banking you need to log onto www.dib.ae.
Show More
Not the package you want?
Explore more packages you can open with us.
Banking solutions that work alongside your career ambitions.
Salaried Emiratis Banking Package
Banking solutions that work alongside your career ambitions.
Setting the standard for wealth management, focused on you.
Wajaha Private Banking
Setting the standard for wealth management, focused on you.
The art of exclusive personal banking.
Aayan Exclusive
The art of exclusive personal banking.
20 January 2025
DIB increases its stake to 25% in Digital Bank in Türkiye
30 December 2024
Crypto.com inks Partnership with Dubai Islamic Bank
20 December 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Relaunches 'DIB XTRA' Campaign with Exceptional Rewards and Exclusive Benefits
05 November 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Nine Month 2024 Group Financial Results
18 October 2024
A Truly Inclusive Approach to Financing with the Launch of Dubai Islamic Bank’s ACCESS Auto Finance for People of Determination
10 October 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Successfully Issues Additional Tier 1 Sukuk
04 October 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Celebrates Fifth Cohort of High Potential Programme, Paving the Way for Future Leadership
25 September 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Champions Emirati Talent and Leadership at Ru'ya Careers UAE 2024
11 September 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank pledges AED15 million to support development of the Hamdan Bin Rashid Cancer Hospital
27 July 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Announces Instalment Deferment Facility for Impacted Customers
23 July 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank First Half 2024 Group Financial Results
22 July 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Leads Landmark $3.25 Billion Financing Transaction for GEMS Education
16 July 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank makes dreams come true: Four lucky winners take home one year's salary
23 April 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank First Quarter 2024 Group Financial Results
20 March 2024
Moving forward together: Dubai Islamic Bank teams up with Fitze for another first – the Ramadan “Move-a-Thon”
28 February 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Shareholders Approve 45% Dividend for 2023
27 February 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank successfully prices USD 1 billion Sustainable Sukuk
14 February 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Launches ‘SHAMS’ Credit Card in Partnership with Visa
23 January 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Full Year 2023 Group Financial Results
16 January 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Unveils 'DIB XTRA', an Exclusive Salary Transfer Campaign
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Other Services
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
DIB Swift Code :  DUIBAEAD
DIB Routing Number : 802420101
IBOR Transition :
Update 1
|
Update 2
IBOR Transition related queries:
IBOR.Transition@dib.ae
Key Fact Statements
Product T&Cs
Warnings
Schedule of Charges
People of Determination
Sanctions and Embargoes
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Community Services
Assistance or complaints
Opt out from Marketing Communications
*Available only on GMS enabled Huawei devices
Schedule of Charges
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Copyright © 2025 All rights reserved. Dubai Islamic Bank Public Joint Stock Company, licensed & regulated by the Central Bank of the UAE. Dubai Islamic Bank (PJSC), Al Maktoum Road, Deira, P.O. Box 1080, Dubai, UAE
Thank You
Your Name
*
Please enter a valid name
Mobile Number
*
050
052
054
055
056
058
Please Enter Mobile number
Friend Name
*
Friend Email
*