Usage and Privacy  | Dubai Islamic Bank
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of
website accessibility
Search DIB
العربية
Personal
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Investment Products
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Transfer Funds
Other Services
Emirati Banking
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
Tools
Go Back
Offers
Product Finder
IBAN Validator
Product Comparator
IBAN Generator
Finance Calculator
Exchange rates
Profit Rates
Business
Corporate Banking
Treasury
Business Banking
Investment Banking
Business Finance
Real-Estate
Foreign Exchange
Money Markets
About Us
About Islamic Banking
Our History
Vision, Purpose & Values
Awards
Leadership Team
Subsidiaries and Associates
Media Center
Investor Relations
Customer Charter
Contact Us
Work With Us
Career Fairs
UAE Nationals
Job Search
alt
Sustainability
Branches & ATMs
Contact Us
Fatima from DIB
Just now
Looks like you may be taking time to decide. May I help you with something?
Reply
> No Thanks
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Personal
Business
alt
العربية
About Us
Sustainability
Work With Us
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Open an Account
Get Personal Finance
Manage your Wealth
Find a Card
Get Auto Finance
Finance your Home
More
Usage and Privacy
The customer shall notify the bank immediately in case of loss, disclosure or misuse of the password, for taking the necessary measures. The bank may issue a new password at the cost of the customer who shall assume full responsibility as to any transaction effected in his/her account upon occurrence of all or any such events. The bank shall be considered notified when the customer contact the officer at the reasonable time after the incident.
General Provisions
All transactions accepted and implemented by the bank upon the customers instructions shall be at his/her own cost and risk and the customer shall be bound by such instructions.
The bank may without referring to the customer deduct from the customer's account any expenses, fees or commissions payable against the banking services and products rendered to the customer provided by "Alislami Online", pursuant to the banking fees and commission regulation as approved by the bank.
The bank shall not be liable before the customer if the amount credited or transferred to the customer’s account are reduced because of fees or depreciated value nor shall the bank be held liable if the customer is unable to receive his/he funds as a result of any restrictions or regulations issued by the competent authorities.
The "Customer" can have a print-out of his statement of account through online instruction. In the event of any objection, the customer should notify the bank in writing within 15 days from the date of the statement of account print-out; if the customer fails to notify the bank, the statement of account shall be deemed correct.
The bank shall not be liable for any damage, error or loss that may occur with the customers uses the "Alislami Online" bill and utility payment service.
The customer alone shall be responsible for the correctness of the information and data that are entered and any changes or amendments that may take place to such information and data from time to time; and the settlement of any dispute with the concerned utility institution.
The bank may refuse to execute any requests, instructions or services requested by the customer if the customer fails to comply with the necessary procedures as provided hereunder; or if the information or data are incorrect or are in violation of the law applicable in the United Arab Emirates.
The bank shall not bear any responsibility resulting in case of the non-execution of any transaction or service requested by the bank if the fault or reason is beyond the control of the bank, its agents.
The customer shall permit the bank at anytime without prior notice to the customer, to freeze, set-off, or transfer any amounts whatsoever in the customer's accounts held by the bank in the name of the customer from one account to another irrespective of their types or names, or whether they are individual and/ or joint and whether in local or foreign currencies whereby each such account shall be considered as a security for the other accounts jointly or severally for the settlement of any of the indebtedness due from the customer or his/ her guarantor to the bank.
The bank shall reserve the right to change and modify these terms and conditions or the services and products offers as required by the law or bank policy. Such changes shall be notified to the customer through online notification.
The customer accepts that the bank's record of financial transactions shall be conclusive evidence of such transactions and legally binding on the customer for all the purposes. Unless and until the customer notifies the bank in writing otherwise, the address stated in the registration form shall be considered as the approved address for delivering notices, advises, statement of account, notification or any document by mail to the customer.
The terms and conditions at the banking service agreement shall be applicable on "Alislami Online" to the extent that they do not contradict there terms and conditions.
This system is for the use of authorized users only. Individuals using this computer system without authority, or in excess of their authority, are subject to having all of their activities on this system monitored and recorded by system personnel.
Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring and is advised that if such monitoring reveals possible evidence of criminal activity, system personnel may provide the evidence of such monitoring to the law enforcement officials.
Privacy Policy
Dubai Islamic Bank (DIB) has a strict policy of keeping customer information secret and secure. The bank assures it customers that:
Personal or Business information provided shall be safeguarded using the highest standards of security and confidentiality.
Only authorized employees shall have access to the information and those employees who violate the bank's privacy policies shall be dealt with the normal disciplinary process.
Collection and use of customer personal information shall be kept to a minimum for promoting the bank's products and services.
Information provided shall not be shared and / or revealed to any external agency / organization without prior authorization from the customer or as required by the law.
Sharing of information shall be done only with reputable reference sources and clearing house services for the purpose of credit reporting, verification and risk management.
All attempts shall be made to keep personal data updated and accurate at all times.
Personal Medical Information shall not be shared for purposes other than underwriting or administration of customer policy, claim or account as per customer consent.
Customer Consent
All banks in the UAE must comply to the Consumer Protection Regulation (CPR) of the UAE and as such, Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC (DIB) is mandated to obtain expressed consent from all customers. In addition, we at DIB must ensure that effective measures are in place to safeguard and protect the confidentiality of our customer’s data.
Any Questions?
What is Customer Consent?
Customer Consent refers to the permission we at DIB need to obtain from our customers when we collect, process or share their information, especially their personal data. As per CPR, we are obligated to get customers’ express consent when we are entering into a banking relationship with them.
What Personal data do we collect from Customers?
We collect data which can be used to identify our customers. Highest standards of security and confidentiality is maintained to safeguard our customer’s data. We only collect personal data for lawful purposes directly related to the provision of the banking services under the Customer’s relationship with the bank. We collect and process the data including (but not limited to):
Full Name
National Identification or Passport
Mobile/Telephone Number
E-mail address
Biometric data
Can a Customer revoke/withdraw this consent?
The Customer has the right to revoke consent. In order to do so, DIB will need to terminate its business relationship with the customer before he/she can successfully revoke the consent. In cases where there is an active contract between the bank and the customer or where there are fees/financings yet to be recovered by the bank, the customer cannot revoke the consent. All credit obligations due to the bank would need to be settled before consent can be revoked/withdrawn.
How long is the Customer’s data retained?
We take measures to ensure that upon termination of our business relationship, we archive your data in line with the legal retention period. We ensure the confidentiality and protection of the data we archive in order to prevent any unauthorized access, accidental loss or destruction when the data is in an archived medium. In addition to this, we ensure ease of retrieval should a need from a business or legal standpoint arise, and we comply with the mandatory retention periods provided by law.
Is the Customer’s data shared?
The bank is required to share data with authorities in order to meet its regulatory and compliance obligations therefore it is important for the bank to disclose to the customers that their data is being shared only for lawful purposes. We do not sell our data to other companies nor do we expose this data to internal staff who do not have the necessary security privileges to access the data in line with their job profiles. We place strict internal controls to effectively protect information and data against internal and external fraud. In addition to this, we work with 3
rd
party service provider to operate our service such as IT hosting services (only in the UAE). These 3
rd
party service providers may have access to or process your personal information as part of providing those service. We ensure that the protection and confidentiality of the data is not compromised through contractual agreements with 3
rd
parties and putting controls in place to prevent unauthorized access, accidental loss and destruction.
How do we use your personal information?
We only collect personal data for regulatory purposes and to validate business activities. We use customers’ personal information in order to deliver services and products to our valued customers including (but not limited to) the following:
Maintaining and improving our services
Processing transactions
Communicating with customers
Marketing and advertising our products and services
Meeting our legal and regulatory obligations
Who do we obtain Consent from?
We obtain Customer’s Consent from the Customers at the point of onboarding. Every new to bank customer must provide his/her Consent. We also have existing active Customers who have not historically provided us their necessary consent. As per DIB’s Terms and Conditions (Section 1, Clause 33), we cannot enter into a business relationship if we do not have consent from the customer.. We take every customer engagement point (Branch, Digital, etc.) as an opportunity to obtain
expressed
consent.
How do we collect/obtain Customers’ Consent?
Customer’s Consent is collected or obtained at the point of onboarding. Customer’s Consent can be collected manually (through Account opening forms) or Digitally (through our Digital platforms). It is mandatory for us to obtain Customer’s Consent, or else we cannot enter into a business relationship. In other words, we cannot proceed with onboarding the customer in the event that Customer’s Consent is not obtained.
Why am I receiving a SMS from DIB although I do not have no business relation with them?
We send SMS to all our existing and historic customers who have provided us with their personal information at some point. In order for the bank to comply with the legal requirements, personal data is kept safe for a period of time before it can be deleted in a safe manner. Due to this, it is important for the bank to inform all parties of the data we still have in our possession for retention reasons and to play a responsible role of informing the existing and previous clients of such data that we still have. The SMS is sent to inform customers that point number 4 above is applicable to them and once the retention requirements have been met, we would take the necessary steps to ensure that any interaction with the bank is terminated until such time that a relationship is re-established.
Can the Customer refuse to provide Consent?
Yes, a Customer has the right to refuse to provide his/her Consent, however, this means that we cannot enter into a contractual/business relationship with the customer or provide products/services. We are obligated by law to share personal data to authorities for various Compliance purposes therefore the need to obtain customer’s consent is mandatory for the bank to ensure that DIB meets its regulatory obligations. This cannot be achieved if the Customer does not provide his/her consent.
Show More
20 January 2025
DIB increases its stake to 25% in Digital Bank in Türkiye
30 December 2024
Crypto.com inks Partnership with Dubai Islamic Bank
20 December 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Relaunches 'DIB XTRA' Campaign with Exceptional Rewards and Exclusive Benefits
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Other Services
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
DIB Swift Code :  DUIBAEAD
DIB Routing Number : 802420101
IBOR Transition :
Update 1
|
Update 2
IBOR Transition related queries:
IBOR.Transition@dib.ae
Key Fact Statements
Product T&Cs
Warnings
Schedule of Charges
People of Determination
Sanctions and Embargoes
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Community Services
Assistance or complaints
Opt out from Marketing Communications
*Available only on GMS enabled Huawei devices
Schedule of Charges
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Copyright © 2025 All rights reserved. Dubai Islamic Bank Public Joint Stock Company, licensed & regulated by the Central Bank of the UAE. Dubai Islamic Bank (PJSC), Al Maktoum Road, Deira, P.O. Box 1080, Dubai, UAE