Mandatory KYC Details  | Accounts Services | Dubai Islamic Bank
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of
website accessibility
Search DIB
العربية
Personal
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Investment Products
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Transfer Funds
Other Services
Emirati Banking
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
Tools
Go Back
Offers
Product Finder
IBAN Validator
Product Comparator
IBAN Generator
Finance Calculator
Exchange rates
Profit Rates
Business
Corporate Banking
Treasury
Business Banking
Investment Banking
Business Finance
Real-Estate
Foreign Exchange
Money Markets
About Us
About Islamic Banking
Our History
Vision, Purpose & Values
Awards
Leadership Team
Subsidiaries and Associates
Media Center
Investor Relations
Customer Charter
Contact Us
Work With Us
Career Fairs
UAE Nationals
Job Search
alt
Sustainability
Branches & ATMs
Contact Us
Fatima from DIB
Just now
Looks like you may be taking time to decide. May I help you with something?
Reply
> No Thanks
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Personal
Business
alt
العربية
About Us
Sustainability
Work With Us
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Open an Account
Get Personal Finance
Manage your Wealth
Find a Card
Get Auto Finance
Finance your Home
More
Mandatory KYC Details
At DIB, the customer always comes first and it is our constant endeavor to enhance your banking experience. We are also committed to the best standards of regulatory compliance.
As per Central Bank regulations, all banks are required to maintain valid identity documents/ information of their customers, at all times.
Important note: In case KYC is not updated, restrictions will be applied to customers’ accounts; restriction will include access/use of the following products and services Cheque book issuance, Online & Mobile banking, Credit and/or Debit Card transactions (online and Point off Sale use), ATM Cash withdrawal and IVR Services.
Note:
Customers can continue transacting and accessing services via DIB Branches
Business Banking customers can update their KYC by visiting any DIB Branch or by contacting their Relationship Manager
eKYC Web-link
For our customers’ convenience, we have have developed an eKYC web-link that will enable them to update their KYC details and ID documents without visiting the branches. During 13 – 21 June 2019, we sent a SMS with the eKYC web-link to customers with expired KYC details and documents  to facilitate the update.
Please note: In some cases, customers with more than one account with DIB (e.g. Joint Accounts, minor accounts, etc.) may have received multiple SMS messages.
On 30 June and 1 July 2019, customers with expired KYC details and ID documents were sent a final reminder advicing them of the deadline of 5 days to complete the requirements failing which their banking services would face disruption from 6 July onwards:
Reduction in daily ATM withdrawals to AED 500
How to Reinstate Services
Customers can reinstate their services by updating their KYC details and ID documents through the eKYC web-link received via the DIBSMS. Once the eKYC form is submitted, the services will be restored within 3-4 hours.
Information on the eKYC web-link
The eKYC form is available in Arabic and English (for facilitating understanding) however, the details need to be provided in English only.
The following information/documents* are required to be updated by the customers.
Nationality.
Passport number, passport issue & expiry dates (along with copy of first & second or last page of the passport).
Emirates ID number and expiry dates (along with copy of front & back of the Emirates ID card).
Country of residence and origin, occupation, residency status, address.
Source of income and anticipated transactions (related to cash, non-cash) and list of countries from where funds are expected.
*Please note that individual ID document size should not increase by more than 500KB.
Learn more about us
Here's a quick guide to CRS, a U.A.E. Central Bank directive aimed at fighting tax evasion.
Common Reporting Standards
Here's a quick guide to CRS, a U.A.E. Central Bank directive aimed at fighting tax evasion.
Whether you're buying or selling, we've made the process quick, simple, stress-free.
Foreign Currency Exchange
Whether you're buying or selling, we've made the process quick, simple, stress-free.
100% security for your business and personal needs.
Lockers
100% security for your business and personal needs.
20 January 2025
DIB increases its stake to 25% in Digital Bank in Türkiye
30 December 2024
Crypto.com inks Partnership with Dubai Islamic Bank
20 December 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Relaunches 'DIB XTRA' Campaign with Exceptional Rewards and Exclusive Benefits
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Other Services
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
DIB Swift Code :  DUIBAEAD
DIB Routing Number : 802420101
IBOR Transition :
Update 1
|
Update 2
IBOR Transition related queries:
IBOR.Transition@dib.ae
Key Fact Statements
Product T&Cs
Warnings
Schedule of Charges
People of Determination
Sanctions and Embargoes
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Community Services
Assistance or complaints
Opt out from Marketing Communications
*Available only on GMS enabled Huawei devices
Schedule of Charges
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Copyright © 2025 All rights reserved. Dubai Islamic Bank Public Joint Stock Company, licensed & regulated by the Central Bank of the UAE. Dubai Islamic Bank (PJSC), Al Maktoum Road, Deira, P.O. Box 1080, Dubai, UAE