Emiratisation | Work With Us | Dubai Islamic Bank
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of
website accessibility
Search DIB
العربية
Personal
Accounts
Cards
Deposits
Investment Products
Auto Finance
Home Finance
Personal Finance
Branch Banking
Transfer Funds
Other Services
Emirati Banking
Wajaha Private Banking
Aayan Exclusive Banking
Mumayyaz Privilege Banking
Tools
Go Back
Offers
Product Finder
IBAN Validator
Product Comparator
IBAN Generator
Finance Calculator
Exchange rates
Profit Rates
Business
Corporate Banking
Treasury
Business Banking
Investment Banking
Business Finance
Real-Estate
Foreign Exchange
Money Markets
About Us
About Islamic Banking
Our History
Vision, Purpose & Values
Awards
Leadership Team
Subsidiaries and Associates
Media Center
Investor Relations
Customer Charter
Contact Us
Work With Us
Career Fairs
UAE Nationals
Job Search
alt
Sustainability
Branches & ATMs
Contact Us
Fatima from DIB
Just now
Looks like you may be taking time to decide. May I help you with something?
Reply
> No Thanks
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Personal
Business
alt
العربية
About Us
Sustainability
Work With Us
alt online
alt online
alt business
alt quick login
alt corporate
Career Fairs
Emiratisation
Join Us
More
Emiratisation
Working at Dubai Islamic Bank
Our core objective is to support our staff in growing with the company.
Emirati Graduate Program
Great opportunities for UAE Nationals in the largest Islamic Bank in the UAE.
Click here
Working at Dubai Islamic Bank
Our core objective is to support our staff in growing with the company.
Emirati Graduate Program
Great opportunities for UAE Nationals in the largest Islamic Bank in the UAE.
Click here
Emirati Graduate Program
Great opportunities for UAE Nationals in the largest Islamic Bank in the UAE.
Are you ready to explore your full potential and develop your skills and competencies by way of a promising career in one of the leading Islamic banks in the world? Then the
Emirati Graduate Program
is the perfect opportunity for you to start your Banking career!
Dubai Islamic Bank is looking for Graduates who are great team players, and innovative thinkers who possess an eagerness to learn.
Should you wish to be part of this program, please submit your application
here
.
Please ensure to include your GPA in your CV.
OBJECTIVES
To recruit, develop, reward and retain UAE Nationals.
Counselling, development, awareness and retention of UAE Nationals within and outside the organization which will help in driving UAE Nationals to the highest performance.
To recruit, develop, reward and retain excellent UAE staff through various development programs.
Proactively interact with external institutes and government bodies to attract UAE Nationals to the Dubai Islamic Bank workforce.
Identify training and development needs of UAE National employees by proactive interaction with staff and their managers.
Establish an effective mentoring system to guide UAE National employees in their careers and to educate them on opportunities for learning and self-development.
Understand, identify and address issues faced by UAE National employees through proper surveys in a timely and appropriate manner.
EMIRATI WORKFORCE
We believe in proactively contributing towards the professional development of UAE Nationals who in turn contribute to the social & economic development of the nation.
Our multi-pronged approach towards Emiratisation begins with strategic corporate initiatives and a commitment to propel nationalization across the industry. Dubai Islamic Bank strongly contributes towards the economic interest of the UAE by investing
            in and financing key projects and businesses that create greater opportunities for UAE Nationals, further strengthening the vision that qualified, skilled and competent future industry leaders are just waiting to be mentored.
Dubai Islamic Bank Programs
UAE National Engagement Initiatives
Engaged employees are more productive and happier employees, and this is what we believe in at DIB. Based on this fact, we have crafted exciting initiatives focusing on UAE Nationals such as motivational speaking sessions, wellbeing sessions, insightful panel discussions with thought leaders both within the organization as well as externally.
. We conduct fun team building activities and host celebratory occasions such as Ramadan, Women’s Day and UAE National Day. The predominant objective of these initiatives is to open doors for conversation, engagement and inspiration amongst UAE nationals. DIB is also an active member in the Happiness Club Committee that brings fun championships throughout the year and competitions to promote Happiness at work, Inspiration and Smart working culture.
TAALAM
A yearly initiative, the Dubai Islamic Bank 'Further Education Program' or
Taalam
, is a program for employees who want to undertake Diploma, Higher Diploma, Bachelor and Master studies while they work.
Dubai Islamic Bank encourages all UAE National staff to pursue higher education, providing incentives such as sponsoring fees and study leave.
Duration
Up to 4 years
Features
Develop the required qualification and knowledge of DIB UAE National employees.
Retain potential UAE Nationals with high aptitude.
Critical Role Program
At DIB, we understand the importance of empowering UAE Nationals to have fulfilling career journeys, and driving the development of Islamic finance via the next generation of leaders in the banking sector.
In line with the guidelines of the Central Bank of UAE (CBUAE), DIB is committed to facilitate future job opportunities for UAE Nationals and support them in developing and advancing their careers towards becoming the leaders of tomorrow. DIB is leading in the wave of Emiratization by consciously meeting the CBUAE targets and adding greater value to the overall Emiratization strategy of the country.
With the continued success of the Critical Role based Emirati Development Program, DIB prepares UAE National staff at various levels to occupy Critical Roles within the organization (as defined by CBUAE). The objective of the program is to identify, assess, prepare and place key Emirati Talent pool members in roles that shape the future.
Coaching & Mentoring
At DIB, we are firm believers in our Human Capital and we strive to provide them with multiple learning opportunities using different learning models and methods.
Coaching is one of many learning models used for our high potential UAE Nationals to further enhance their performance and reach their potential. Coaching and guidance programs directly contribute to the bank’s “People” strategy by developing the talent pool in a timely, results orientated and cost-effective manner. The coaching program facilitates key competencies that are required to build high performing teams.
EMIRATI
Established in 2004 for UAE National graduates who recently joined the Dubai Islamic Bank workforce.
From theoretical training at the Learning & Development Centre Virtual Branch to on-the-job training with close coaching and mentoring, the program aims to familiarize staff with Islamic banking and provide opportunities for career growth.
Duration
Up to 6 months of simulated training, post which employees receive achievement certificates.
Criteria
Valid for UAE Nationals with a valid passport of six months or more.
Minimum qualification ranges from Secondary School Certification to Bachelor Degrees.
On completion, applicant will receive a full-time employment contract in addition to Emirati program terms and conditions.
SUMMER TRAINING
The summer training program or Iktaseb, aims to identify, refine and educate young talent about banking in accordance to the provisions of Sharia.
Trainees will spend time in various departments and be introduced to a range of banking services whilst also focussing on communication skills, project management, presentation and other soft skills. Students will receive stipends as per their academic status as well as training certificates on successful program completion and will also be given priority during normal Bank recruitment processes.
Duration
Begins at the end of the UAE academic year and can take up to 2 months for completion.
Criteria
Valid for UAE Nationals with a valid passport of six months or more.
Minimum qualification including GPA is graduates/undergraduates from High School, College or University.
WORK PLACEMENT
Provides work experience opportunities to UAE National graduates, assigning them to various department functions according to their educational qualifications so as to accomplish on-the-job training requirements.
Provides students with a unique opportunity to gain work experience and invaluable industry contacts within an area directly related to their field of study.
Duration
Ongoing program throughout the year except during summer training programs.
Criteria
Valid for UAE National students
Are you interested in working
with Dubai Islamic Bank?
explore career portal
Follow us for the latest news and
current vacancies at DIB
20 January 2025
DIB increases its stake to 25% in Digital Bank in Türkiye
30 December 2024
Crypto.com inks Partnership with Dubai Islamic Bank
20 December 2024
Dubai Islamic Bank Relaunches 'DIB XTRA' Campaign with Exceptional Rewards and Exclusive Benefits
Job Search
UAE Nationals
DIB Swift Code :  DUIBAEAD
DIB Routing Number : 802420101
IBOR Transition :
Update 1
|
Update 2
IBOR Transition related queries:
IBOR.Transition@dib.ae
Key Fact Statements
Product T&Cs
Warnings
Schedule of Charges
People of Determination
Sanctions and Embargoes
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Community Services
Assistance or complaints
Opt out from Marketing Communications
*Available only on GMS enabled Huawei devices
Schedule of Charges
Security & Support
Usage and Privacy
Copyright © 2025 All rights reserved. Dubai Islamic Bank Public Joint Stock Company, licensed & regulated by the Central Bank of the UAE. Dubai Islamic Bank (PJSC), Al Maktoum Road, Deira, P.O. Box 1080, Dubai, UAE